#Customer_satisfaction-Tableau

Problem Statement - 
i.) Customer satisfaction is one of the important things to take business to new heights, as a customer relationship manager of an ecommerce company, The manager is accountable to 
ensure that the company is taking every initiative to meet the customer needs and expectations. The manager want customers to have a long, faithful, and cost-effective journey with
the organization. This involves providing best offers to the customers, creating attractive branding strategy, giving out of box solutions to the customer concerns, and maintaining
complete customer fulfilment.
ii.) The manager wants to analyze the revenue generated by top N customers in each year. The manager also wants to see customer order frequency as their aim is to generate more robust
information about customer purchasing behavior, to create a compelling EOSS scheme.
iii.) Additionally, the manager needs to understand customer acquisition and orders placed by them. They need to examine the number of customers acquired in each region. Finally, 
The manager needs to analyze the performance of various regions, states, and cities. This way the manager can take initiatives to improve customer conversion rates, 
increase customer retention, and maximize customer lifetime value.

Solution - 
i.) Developed a dashboard for customer analysis to gain information on top purchasing customers
ii.) Developed a Geographical performance dashboard to understand revenue generated by every region and delivery charges for those regions

Key Achievements -
-> Developed a sales & inventory story out of the two dashboards, for a cleaner and more informative view
